I have tried crickets before.  They were sour cream and onion flavored.  They were actually kind of delicious and I don't mine eating them.  I don't know if I would be able to eat a bunch at once like a bucket of popcorn or something.  I might start to get weirded out, but I'm not sure.  I would definitely eat them if I were hungry and especially if they were flavored.  After knowing how good they are for you I'd grab them as a snack too, not just if I were hungry.  The stuff that isn't actually straight up crickets, just crickets in them, or cricket flour or whatever I would absolutely without question eat if I were hungry and be perfectly happy.  After knowing how good they are for you I could easily see myself adding that type of food to my daily diet and buying cricket flour or cricket pastries or what have you just to have around the house.  Yum!
Eating whole crickets feels less appealing because of the structure. The cricket flour doesn't have this problem.

I've had a cricket before. It was a bit salty for my tastes, but I would have no problem eating them if I was hungry and they were the only available option.
I think I would try it if I was hungry and other people were doing it
I ate a fried cricket once. It was okay, but there wasn't much flavor and it was really crunchy.
I'm flexible.  But this crosses a line, man.  It's as strange as eating a spider.  I simply have an aversion to this.
Great survey!
the survey got a bit heavy handed. I have eaten insects before and have advocated for it
My feelings towards eating the crickets were the same both before and after the reading as the sustainability/economic benefits of cricket farming were not factored into my decision. I would gladly try crickets both as a novelty and new experience, as well as because there is little difference between that and a shrimp or other crustacean that I would be willing to eat. Other than the difference in societal perception.
"

"


I am a vegetarian, and I never eat any animal. Eating a cricket does not particularly bother me any more than eating meat.
"I've eaten cricket before. It's fine. Kinda bland. Somewhat like shrimp, but not as yucky.

I'm not really sure what cricket flour is. Is it a powdery substance made from crickets only or is it flour with bits of/powdered cricket? Perhaps you could be more clear."
If I'm starving I don't see why not for either.
I was aware of most of the information provided between the first and second ratings of eating cricket before taking the survey. I have to admit, being reminded of them did make me slightly more likely to eat a plain cricket. However, I was never opposed to eating cricket flour - the benefits of consuming crickets are clear. It's just that eating a straight up cricket with the antennae and legs and everything still attached kind of wigs me out...



"I have never tried eat one before so I'm am not quite sure how to feel. However, I do have a phobia of bugs therefore I will avoid eating crickets but it's by-products like flour I can handle.
"
I'm a vegetarian. Unless I were starving, I wouldn't eat a cricket.
I find eating any sort of meat gross when plain, on its own. I would be very hesitant to eat even a beef tenderloin that came out of the vending machine.
Well, I'm a big fan of Fear Factor and Survivor so I think it'd be exciting to try something so exciting. The picture of the crushed up bugs were gnarly though and I got shivers, but I've heard that they don't actually taste bad.
Have a nice day
I would only be worried about possible parasites; I'm not sure what standards the crickets were prepared to in this random foreign hotel room. The whole cricket is off-putting because I've never encountered it and I'm not sure if they can be prepared safely easily, or if you should only eat insects from trusted sources, etc. It's like if I went to Germany and was offered some sort of traditional raw pork dish; I would be more off-put by the fact that I wouldn't know if what I was eating was safe. 

I've actually always wanted to try deep fried crickets ever since we learned about them in a spanish class


I'm a vegetarian! This scares me!
I have no desire to eat a plain cricket. I might be able to get used to eating cricket flour though. Just so long as I can't tell that it's a cricket...
Already had cricket, wasn't gross, just didn't taste very remarkable.



"
"


Quite a few repeat questions.
While I myself have not eaten cricket, a close friend who does outdoor survival assures me that when cooked correctly,they are quite tasty, with his recommendation I probably would eat cricket
I've never tried cricket. I sort of felt less likely to when they said it tasted like almond butter, because I don't like almonds, but since the crickets aren't living/moving/potentially able to sting or bite I would try it if nothing else obvious and familiar was available. However I don't tend to try new foods, so there would need to be nothing I know and like available and I'd need to be hungry.
Very interesting.
I've had crickets before, but they were just a random treat. It wasn't part of a diet.
I'm a vegetarian, but if I were hungry enough, I  might eat it.


"I think the only reason we don't eat crickets in our society is that we are raised to think of it as weird or gross. There not much different from crab or shrimp, in my opinion.
"

I have actually eaten a cricket before! I went to an insect museum where they had a "bug kitchen"... I tried a few things in the spirit of adventure... I think I would try most anything once. If I were in a foreign country where crickets were a delicacy, I would definitely try it. But not by itself like in that machine! I would want it with sauce or crackers or something :)

"I'm much more willing to try the cricket bar (especially after seeing others try them and vouch for their deliciousness) because I can't see that I'm actually eating crickets. They've been repurposed, so I'm way more ok with that. 
I could not convince my brain to allow me to eat a whole cooked cricket, because they look gross and I would know that the ONLY thing I'm tasting is the cricket."


I have eaten a live cricket, and wasn't impressed.  I'd definitely be intrigued by cooked crickets though.

I hate bugs. They're gross. I also hate lobster and crab and whatnot because they're basically the bugs of the sea. That said, if I can't readily recognize that I am eating that particular animal, I am totally fine with it. 



I didn't really see any problems with eating crickets. My issue was eating stuff from a vending machine.

I've eaten termites before when I was in Mexico. They were pretty tasty.
"I found the survey very difficult as I believe in free people and own opinions but to a point where radicals and such shouldn't be made either. We all should let people decide what they want. Religion belong aside atheism without disagreeing in explicit ways with each other. 
The cricket.. Im not keen on eating insects but hidden in flour sounds fine. People would wat it if they knew it was healthy and didn't know cricket where in it. Thank you. "
Despite the well-presented arguments in favour of eating crickets, as a vegan I'm never going to waver on the subject.

I have no problem what so ever eating any sort of insect as a source of everyday food in a balanced diet.
I don't like almond butter and some guy said they tasted like almond butter. So that definitely effected my answer.
I've always been interested in trying cricket, abd I have had other insects before.
I learned after several trips abroad that local foods that sound gross almost always turn out to be delicious.I'd try anything once.
Of course at first the idea of eating insects is repulsive because I've been brought up to find them rather on the disgusting side (e.g. they do not belong inside, it is gross when you find one somewhere on your body, etc.). But I also find the idea intriguing because it seems like a very natural thing to do, similar to eating meat. I try to eat food that is as unprocessed as possible (vegetables, fruit, nuts, seeds, eggs, meat, etc.), and eating insects would very well fit into this philosophy.
I once had a lollipop with a cricket in the middle of it when I was younger. Pretty weird little treat, but I don't remember being too grossed out about it. Then again, I was a little kid at the time.
Eaten cricket before; situation of it being in a described "third-world country" also attenuated opinion based out of safety/health concerns of food cleanliness rather than actual openness to eating it

I've eaten and drank some odd things, such as hornets juice and snail pate. I also have lizards and handle crickets anyway so they are not disgusting to me.
I was already aware of the positive benefits of insects. My aversion is the same for an creature. I do not like eating whole beings, or organs.


I have tried eating a cricket and other cooked/prepared bugs at a science festival. They were very delicious



Have never eaten a cricket myself as I have never had reason or opportunity but I can't say I wouldn't ever try one or eat one if I was given 
The whole quiz: A little difficult for me to answer honestly as these questions have a level of complicity to them and with each question, for my full exact opinion, I would have to know full details on a specific topic and then return with a more detailed, complex answer. However, my answers could be considered as an 'average' or 'basic' answer. As for the Cricket questions. The info was already known to me, and given the opportunity I would happily try eating a cricket or cricket based product. Its just the reviews from friends/family I've spoken to who have tried crickets, did not rate the taste too high. Its purely a 'taste' based answer as apposed to a nutritious based answer. Hope this helps :) 



I score in the 90s for Openness to Experience. I have licked the sidewalk. I would have no problem eating crickets.
I was not aware of the nutritional value(s) of crickets! Interesting. :)
I'm much more comfortable with the idea of eating processed food (in this case, "processed" simply means that the crickets have been converted to flour; I'm not necessarily referring to preservatives or anything like that) than eating food in its normal state.  Those cooked whole crickets are still weird; I'm concerned that the crickets could contain cricket waste, or that individual parts like legs or the exoskeleton might be tough, etc.  My culture's cuisine doesn't eat any whole animals like that; even shrimp are cleaned and have tails removed first, for example, and certain portions of lobsters and crabs are left untouched.  So eating a whole cricket would creep me out.

I've actually been considering raising mealworms and crickets for food.

"If I closed my eyes so I wouldn't have to see the bugs... I'm sure I could get through a bite or two. You never know, they might taste super good.
"



I've had cricket and scorpion. I'm open to trying most foods but chocolate covered scorpion caught in my throat and I wouldn't recommend it.

extra blue dots were filling in results. was that part of the experiment?
Never tried them before, but those crickets looked tasty
I would probably be willing to try eating a cricket (I am very fond of prawns) but I can't say whether I would want to eat them on a regular basis! 
I'm pretty happy to try most things.  However, some things I'd be less likely to try because of the way they look.  Which is why I'd be more likely to eat a cricket bar, rather than a cricket.  However, if it was served to me, or was the only thing available to eat I would still try it.
"I do not like insects, especially ones that fly - dead ones, be it cooked or stamped on also terrify me.
"
If we had children eat the above, it would help open people's minds about trying different foods that society have deem wrong or immoral. For example, the horse meat scandal, horse meat is a far better for us then beef, as it is leaner and has less calories.But as the likes of Ireland and England have classed these animals as pets and not a form of food, there was uproar and even damage due to companies,evening some of them having to close.On that point Id like to ask if anyone minded the jobs that would of been lost due to the upset this caused. Even Princess Ann has brought this subject to the public and they class her as being cruel to the horse. I think for the time being, society will keep their blinkers on and farm all other food supplies till they are depleted. And then, they may look into other options.
I have tried not tried crickets before so I would probably be swayed by some description of taste.  I would be more likely to eat them if I was extremely hungry and no other options were readily available.  I'd probably choose a cricket over a non-traditional mammal or body part such as dog meat, cat meat, or cow intestine.  

I've eaten chocolate covered crickets before. They taste kind of like chocolate mint candy.
Ive already eaten crickets while travelling through thailand. I found the taste to be ok, they were a bit crunchy tho, cricket flour would be more appealing.
I'm a chef, so I'll eat pretty much anything, so I might not be the best example.
I have not eaten crickets but have eaten other insects.  I have never found the idea of doing so in any way disgusting or offputting.
As visuals do impact how things taste (the brain is a tricky thing) I know that seeing the actual cricket would put me off but the idea of eating crickets in general (like cricket flower) doesn't really bother me too much.
I had little if any reaction to the thought of eating crickets. While I have not eaten them before, I have eaten other strange things and have learned to try them.
would not eat any insects, unless unintentionally - i.e. fell into my mouth and I would not notice..
those cricket bars still don't look very tasty. cover them in chocolate?


eating whole crickets/cricket parts would depend on the seasoning, and maybe the price (I wouldn't want to spend a lot on something I might dislike)

I used to eat (raw) grasshoppers as a kid!  I'm actually a vegetarian now so would be hesitant to eat whole insects even if cooked.  The flour idea is very interesting though, I would probably try eating something like this.
I've eaten crickets and other insects. Prepared properly, they are delicious.


I would eat cricket flour but not a whole cricket, probably because of how it looks/the fact that it has a face/distinct appearance. 

Food is food. If it tastes good and is nutritious it is food. 


I'd probably go try to find something I usually eat rather than something made with Crickets which I have never eaten. Saying that though, I know that Paleo/Primal diet people say Crickets are good so I think that helps me accept them as a food source.
I have eaten roasted crickets at our local insect fair. I am an entomologist, and wholeheartedly support entomophagy as a sustainable food option that should be promoted. 
It is mostly societal convention and a fear of disturbing texture that would put me off insect consumption. If the insect is processed into an ingredient no different than one I already consume, then it is just societal convention that would make me pause, and I try not to listen to hard to convention, else how will I ever learn?
I eat cricket and locust all the time, and mopane worms.
I'm a vegetarian so I tried to answer as if I were not. You should have maybe limited this to non-vegetarians only?
I find the idea of eating crickets stomach turning, but I understand that it is just the view 'bred' into me by society and I would try to change in the long term.
I've eaten insects before (in South America) so wouldn't have a problem with it. Only thing putting me off eating crickets (as opposed to cricket flour) is the texture and getting bits of shell stuck in my teeth (or do you peel them?). I tend to avoid prawns/shrimp in their shells for the same reason. 
Haven't tried eating crickets, but aware it's only really because it's unusual in a Western society. Am sure if I'd grown up somewhere they are regularly consumed, I'd have done so.
I have not tried crickets before, however have eaten other candied insects in the past.


Hardly eat any meat normally so no way would try insects. Even in pet shops I want to save them from reptile tanks in my mind :(
Insects are delicious and healthy, I just wish that you could buy them to eat easily in this country.

For the cricket dispenser I would be influenced by how clean the dispenser & the products looked - loose in a bowl, negative, wrapped in a bag like crisps, positive - can I trust the bugs were hygienically prepared?

I have eaten crickets as a food, once. Specifically, http://www.amazon.com/Crick-ettes-Seasoned-Crickets-Pack-24/dp/B000IEZINW


I'm vegetarian.

Cool study Barry :)
"I was already aware of the benefits of eating insects. However, they just don't taste like beef or pork. Also the idea of chitin just doesn't appeal.
"
I have eaten crickets, your earlier questions were full of contradictions, making it almost impossible to get the final answer to make any real reflection of opinion when answered according to your initial advice
I have actually eaten cooked and spiced crickets and ants before...the idea of eating them and the visual of having some on a plate whole, is far worse than the actual taste, so "flour" made from crickets would not actually bother me that much...mmm, crunchy!!!




I don't see crickets as much different from prawns and the like. My likelihood of eating one is based on the preparation and the availability of other foods. Neither food option was particularly appealing so I didn't give 100% to either, but the base food itself (large insect) causes no more a reaction for me than any other meat. Except rabbit, I can't bloody stand rabbit not too big on boar either. The treatment of the animal is a bigger issue for me than the animal itself; free range wichetty grub? sure. Foie Gras? Come closer so I don't miss when I throw something at you.

baseball


I have had cricket before and wish I had more options to add this protein to my diet in the States. I found the idea of them in a food dispenser off-putting though.






video worked this time on this mac. Must be my weird stuff on my machine at home.
Kinda wanna go eat a Cricket right now. Where is the nearest Cooked Cricket or Cricket Bar dispensing machine?
Have always been into trying new foods, and on a recent trip to Thailand found myself drinking with a bunch of Thai people who initiated me into the ways of eating crickets. They're really quite delicious, and they make excellent bar food with a dash of soy and some chilli, although the smaller ones are best avoided as the oil they are deep fried in often doesn't drain out of them sufficiently, and the sometimes rather rancid fats that itinerant insect vendors use can upset the stomach somewhat. Also make sure you peel the legs off as they can be a choking hazard. 

Having never directly experienced either fascism or crickets I still find myself possessed of strong opinions on both
I'd be more likely to eat crickets freshly prepared in front of me, don't like vending machines



I think it would take a bit of convincing for most to eat a whole cricket, but if it were disguised in some way it could be more palatable. Kind of like hiding vegetables for picky children.
"I've eaten it in the past and had no problem with it, but I'm vegan and have a problem eating any animal products. I can't understand, however, people who have no issue eating (for example) battery chicken but who freak out at the thought of eating horse or crickets. 
"
Do crickets count as beer?
Vegetarian person!
I'm generally willing to try any food once. I see no problematic issues with eating crickets.


"your questions seem to relate to a idea of a monothestic god and an leaning toward hardline christian dogma, please consider all religion is wrong ( faith is to be congratulated) religeon is just another means of control.

Your question relating to evil is a hard one as in many cases what is considered evil is subjective.

I have eaten crickets, locust, ants , beetles and many other grubs though not always tasty always nutritious"
"Have eaten locust, with chocolate...
"


If I would be hungry cooked cricked would be just perfect to satisfy my stomach.





Eaten crickets, amongst other tasty insect whilst travelling in Asia. 
although i have no intellectual objection to eating crickets, etc., i'm still somewhat disconcerted at actually seeing them before i eat them.  Knowing people think they taste good would not alter my reactions.

"just a bit of reasearch show that our ""traditonal"" meats take up too much space and cost so much, so the thought of eating insects is no suprise to me, 

also they breed quicker and in greater numbers 

"
I felt the first section meandered a bit. Questions should focus on one group, not several.


"I have eaten other insects, but not a cricket.  In fact, I used to regularly eat live meal worms in front of my classroom students as part of a lecture. I would totally try a cricket, if only for the experience of tasting one.  I would be more likely to eat one in a foreign country where I would be excited about eating a ""local delicacy"", I think, as opposed to a random cricket on an American menu (unless it had amazing Yelp reviews, haha).  I am not disgusted by the idea of eating bugs, as I already eat a lot of things people find ""disgusting"" regularly (offal, odd parts like chicken feet) and have tried many weird (by Western standard anyway) foods already (such as balut, durian, etc) while traveling.  One of my goals in life is to eat everything.

I,myself, am not politically conservative, but I had a somewhat rural upbringing.  I would guess, on the whole, that a lot of Republican farmers would eat a cricket too.  We don't waste food where I'm from."
This scenario is me hungry in a toom, no indication of when or if I will gt out or get fed, so of course I'll eat the crickets. I'd eat live roaches to live. But I won't buy a cricket bar at the store. Or cricket flour. So I'm not sure what you're measuring. Willingness to survive or willingness to eat crickets?

As a fussy eater I often find the idea of texture to be off putting to anything I eat.
I am vegan, I wouldn't eat a cricket anything.


I've never eaten cooked crickets but I would try it if I was hungry.  Why not?
Having already eaten an ant salad I'm perfectly happy eating insects.  They were actually much easier to eat psychologically than the fried tarantula I ate at the same meal.  The only reason I've put eating crickets at 90% is I've seen a lot with odd flavourings added that I'm not particularly keen on (as opposed to the crickets being the problem)
The idea of eating an insect isn't making me drool but from a logical perspective of 'this is animal protein' it doesn't sound so bad.  I would relate it to how eating a raw egg sounds revolting but eggs in cookies is pretty great! ;)








I've eaten cricket already.  It tasted great but the legs got caught in my teeth, which puts me off somewhat.  The bars look awesome.


I don't like the idea of the Crunchy mouth feel - not fond of spiky food. No issue with eating it as a protein source specifically though
I'd like to try cricket, I'd've tried it even before seeing the video. I see no problems with eating insects - other cultures have done it long before it became fashionable in the western world. If cricket (or any other insects) prove to be a sustainable, ecologically-friendly, non-GM and cost effective source of protein and other essential nutrients then I see no problem with including it in our diets. I wonder how many people would balk at the idea of having a cricket flour protein bar though?

Eating crickets contains a certain "ick" factor for Americans. I had to overcome the same factor when trying sashimi for the first time.
I'm OK with eating meat, but I don't like whole raw prawns or langoustines - I buy cooked, shelled prawns to avoid the ick factor.  I suspect it would be the same with crickets. If they were "shelled" and just the meat was there I'd be more likely to try it.  I'd be more likely to try flour.



I would not mind cricket in food stuffs as long as it is accurately labled. For example the horse meat scandal that came out in 2013 disgusted me But I have ordered and eaten horse steak before. If I pay for beef I don't want horse, if I pay for wheat flour I don't want cricket flour.
I find the appearance of bugs deeply off-putting. However, so long as they are processed into a form that isn't obviously bug like, I probably wouldn't care if they were an ingredient in food. 

My responses to the questions about eating crickets from a vending machine were more driven by my aversion to vending machines than my aversion to crickets. I have never eaten a cricket (that I know of) but I would gladly try them if they were served fresh from the kitchen. 

I would have great trouble eating items I could identify as a whole insect/animal, but I am like that with regular meats now, the flour however, would be more edible to my mind.
I know rationally that crickets can be healthy food. I'm a little creeped out when the cooked ones still look like crickets. But I also don't like whole roast animals with faces and limbs attached.
I like to try interesting new experiences, I am not particularly squeamish. I expected the video to show people enjoying the snack and then being upset to find out what was in it.

Having lived in Korea for 10 years teaching English, i have eaten so many things that traditionally, or if having never left England would never pass my lips...attitudes change if the menu isnt yorkshire pudding....

Mentally I am fine, and understand the Logic of eating insects.  Physically and emotionaly doing it would be much harder.


I have always wanted to try eating insects from a purely curious stand point. It wouldn't bother me that they were insects. Food is food.





I understand the benefits of eating crickets or other insects but still do not find the idea appealing.


Entomophobic so just couldn't eat an Insect whole. Less issues with the flour
Recently there has been a very subtle drip-drip-drip approach by the media in regard to insects as an alternative protein source for the wider market, and this makes me question why this is happening, and why it would be necessary for people to consider eating insects as an alternative to other sources.  This survey just goes further to suggest that eating insects might be a good idea.  I don't stand by that scenario that conventional food, ie beef, pork, etc would be harder to produce in the future because of economic and ecological impacts.  People need to wake up to this brainwashing crap and see the connections between the governments and corporate interests, and realise that they can directly affect the outcome of policies and laws by the use of market forces.  All of this is very slowly leading up to making it a widely held opinion that the human race cannot feed itself and the scaremongering about overpopulation of the world, which is already publicised by figures held in high esteem.  We know how to produce good food already, we have been doing so for millions of years, that's how we evolved so far into what we are today.  Governments/Corporations do not want people producing their own food or having a choice what they eat or where it comes from, that is the real motive.  People who feed themselves are independent and harder to control.  Farmers who control the market and therefore the land do not work in the governments/corporations interests, so therefore they are controlled and suppressed.  Well, down with that.  Down with your drip drip drip psychology, down with your fake brilliant ideas, down with Bayer, Monsanto, Pfizer and all the other cunts who want to poison us and down with your Solyent Green.  If you tolerate this, then your children will be next.  


"I would most likely try eating cricket, in something, less likely to just pop a handful of them in my mouth.
"

I have eaten crickets before and liked them. I responded that I would eat them in the survey because they do not disgust me. But in  actual fact I would not at this time because I no longer eat animals. I write to point out that people may be responding negatively to the cricket part not because they are disgusted by them but for other dietary reasons.
I found the people in the video repellent.  I have more trouble with them (not the language, but the attitudes) and the gym environment than I do with the idea of eating crickets.
I have eaten cooked grasshopper before...but crickets ground up look like roaches, so they do not look as appealing.

The idea is repulsive.
I have eaten fried crickets that were covered in honey, and while it was fine, I don't know if I could eat one that hadn't been fried crispy
I would try almost any food once.
I've never eaten insects and would find it difficult to eat them if they still looked like insects, but would have no problem eating food made from cricket flour.
I've eaten freeze-dried "sour cream and onion" crickets once.  The cricket bars looked good. 
I would have to be restrained from trying the crickets. Really. 
"I would try if I was hungry and nothing else was available to eat the cricket but don't know if I would succeeded.
If I couldn't actually tell what it was like in the flour, then I can't see that would cause me any problems."
My initial ratings for cricket eating didn't leave much room for elevation.
I'm a vegetarian, but if bugs replaced mammals as a regular source of available protein, I'd probably become a vegetarian who eats bugs.  I recently attended a festival where there was an organization giving out cookies made with flour that was made with crickets, and I ate one and it was really good.  
There's no way I'd eat a cricket.


I honestly don't think I could bring myself to eat insects
I think it's important to experience new and different foods, particularly if they are the food of a country you are visiting. If we weren't as a nation prepared to eat foods from other countries we wouldn't eat potatoes, so that means no chips or crisps!
I've eaten crickets at a world cooking fair and would happily eat them again.  I believe that if you choose to eat animals you should be prepared to try different types of animal product.
I think that there is a resistance to eating insects due to a long period of indoctrination by our ancestors, Yes they are another good clean source of Protein however unless completely hidden (like calling the cricket flour something else like "Natural Protein Flour" to hide it's origin) general society will not accept unless it was the only food available. A change in acceptance will take a long time to come to fruition
Cooked, I'd still know it's a cricket.  Ground to a flour? I'd never know...

my issue would be eating a cricket. Getting its legs and antennae stuck in my teeth.  The texture of the bug.  Pleah.  But, I know that they are related to crabs and lobsters, and I know they are rich in protein, so, if I were really hungry, and they were my only option for food, I would eat them.


I would eat a cooked cricket if a person offered it to me, I think, because manners. 
I have no idea why cricket flour is ok with me and actual crickets are not.  Perhaps it is the concept of eating those little legs etc.  It totally grosses me out...lol
I have eaten odd foods before, including snake and camel. So that is not what grosses me out. I think it is the idea of eating bugs. If I were hungry enough, then yup in a flash. But in a hotel where other food sources are available, not on a bet!
Revulsion is more about texture than taste. The flour would be more acceptable for that reason.
I studied entomology in depth during my degree, have looked into entomophagy, and have eaten crickets and mealworms. I've absolutely no problem with the idea of doing so and would do so again quite happily.
I was already aware of the information you gave hence no change in answer
I have a fear of bugs. 


Strangely, I think I would be more likely to eat crickets in a foreign country where they are part of the native cuisine. 



I have eaten chocolate covered bugs. It is a texture thing about eating a whole cricket, I am not sure about the mouth feel.
n/a

I don't eat meat so am not sure how I would categorize crickets.   That made it harder.  I don't feel disgust about them though.
For me its a texture thing. I don't fancy the 'bits', or picking them out of my teeth afterwards. If I was hungry enough, sure, its food.





"
"
I am noted for being willing to try anything once.  I would eat cricket if hungry enough
"try some things one but never  tripe  ewwwwww
"





I've not eaten crickets but I know that people do. 
I would be more likely to eat crickets the first time if it looked more like the bars than an actual insect. That is, not recognizable. And if nobody told me what I was eating before I tried it. I'm not afraid of trying different kinds of meat - I love venison, rabbit, squirrel - but I'm not a fan of living insects, so not sure I'd be willing to eat dead ones.

I don't like insects and the idea of eating one on purpose is just too much for me to get past.  Too gross an idea.  Sure it may be nutritious and I don't care that others eat them, but not for me.  



I don't eat much animal protein as it is. My objection is based on the fact that I hesitate to eat anything that has to be killed. Add to that the cultural environment I was raised in and the likelihood of me eating cricket is even less :)


The likelihood of me eating a cricket or anything made from cricket flour would be totally dependent upon how hungry I was.  If I was only moderately hungry and knew other options would be available shortly, then the percentage remains at zero.  If I hadn't eaten for days and no other options were available the likelihood increases exponentially.




"I haven't tried eating crickets, but I think I would try them, properly prepared.
"
hearing people say that the bars were good makes me more willing to try them, but I still don't want to eat the crickets from the machine.  


I would be highly distressed if I ate something and was then informed it contained cricket.  If I knew it was there and was given the option to eat it, I might be willing to try it.

I'm vegetarian. Should diet and/or dietary preference indentification have been factored in your survey? 

I would not be disgusted to eat a criket, especially if I was very hungry.  When one really thinks about it, there are many things we eat in our culture that others would find offensive.
Just don't tell me what is in them.




My father told me fried grasshoppers taste good. But I am squeamish about unusual food. I would probably eat identifiable insects only if very hungry.
Wouldnt like the idea of eating crickets but if I was weak from the hunger I might.
"Growing up on a farm, we had crickets all over the place.  The idea of eating them is fine, except I don't like the way they smell.  And I doubt I'd like the texture of their stickery little legs.  But cooked, de-odorized, ground-up ... what's to like or dislike?
"


I think eating the actual insect compared to the use of cricket flour is something the mind can accept.  Weird but acceptable.
Additional comments please
